Docs improvements on PR (#648)
ArcadeAI/docs: app/en/get-started/quickstarts/call-tool-client/page.mdx

# Call a tool in your IDE/MCP Client

> Tools enable your AI agents to perform actions on your behalf. For specific workflows and use cases, this may involve calling tools from multiple MCP servers. Arcade facilitates this by allowing you to create MCP Gateways to federate the tools from multiple MCP servers into a single collection for convenient management, control, and access. For example, if your agent specializes in solving specific tickets in Linear, you may want to use tools from the GitHub, Slack and Linear servers in your agent. These add up to 88 tools, which could be overwhelming for an LLM to use effectively. What you want is to get from these servers only the tools that matter for your agent. An MCP Gateway allows you to do just that: pick only the tools required for this workflow, and you can connect it to any MCP client, making it easy to port your agent to multiple platforms and IDEs, and even share it with other users.

Author: **Style suggestion:** Replaced 'easy' to avoid sounding condescending as per the Vale alert.

```suggestion
An MCP Gateway allows you to do just that: pick only the tools required for this workflow, and you can connect it to any MCP client, facilitating porting your agent to multiple platforms and IDEs, and even sharing it with other users.
```

Once you've selected the tools you want to include in the gateway, click the "Use N tools" button in the tool picker, and then click the "Create MCP Gateway" button to create the gateway.

<Callout type="info">
  You can select as many tools for your MCP Gateway, but be mindful of how the
  MCP clients will handle the large number of tools. Some clients may not handle
  a large number of tools well, and may consume a significant portion of the

>   LLM's context window. As a rule of thumb, we recommend keeping the number of

Author: **Style suggestion:** Changed 'we recommend' to 'it is recommended' to avoid using first-person plural as per the Vale alert.

```suggestion
As a rule of thumb, it is recommended to keep the number of tools in a single MCP Gateway below 80.
```

> LLM's context window. We recommend keeping the number of tools in a single MCP Gateway below 80.

Author: This is correct use of "we"
